okay today I have a limited edition qck
mousepad this is a zara tool versus
kerrigan starcraft 2 themed mousepad so
just like the regular qck this is a
flexible cloth pad and steelseries qck
has been around forever as far as I can
tell I mean why mess with what isn't
broken but I just wanted to have a look
at it because while there's nothing
particularly new they're bringing to the
table in terms of the the clapham aus
pad gaming experience oh actually oh
okay nevermind i thought i was going to
say oh it's actually quite a bit stiffer
than normal but actually that's just a
paper backing so yes the qck is its
normal flexible self it's quite a thin
mousepad the actual dimensions of this
particular one are 12.6 by 11 point 2
inches so you can see the way that
they've applied the graphics to it you
still got the full texture of the fabric
itself and you know what the thing about
steelseries graphic most pads is that in
my experience they work just as well as
the plain black ones which is quite an
achievement because usually if you print
a graphic on a mousepad what happens is
as the laser or the optical sensor
crosses a sharp contrasting patch like
let's say you you were to cross through
all of these legs so you have like a
dark and then a light blue and then
you've got dark and then light blue you
tend to see the mouse sensor jumping but
with all of the steelseries ones that
I've used in the past they do not
experience that problem in cameraman
actually uses a SteelSeries 5c so that
was a limited edition wrath of the lich
king pad every day and he's even with
extensive use with several mice never
encountered that kind of a problem so
anyway this is part of their limited
edition starcraft two wings of liberty
mousepad theory and i'm just showing you
this one because i think it is by a long
shot like by a long shot the coolest
and I guess that's pretty much
everything I wanted to say it comes with
a little steelseries sticker it comes
with
steelseries catalog
you